{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rebecca Van Dyke\
CSC214 Assignment 6\
TA: Julian Weiss\
\
The main advantage that RecyclerView has over ListView is that it allows you to customize the ViewHolder beyond a simple TextView. A \'93list item\'94 in a RecyclerView can consist of text, images, buttons, checkboxes, or any other android widget.\
\
I was unable to successfully add dependencies on either support library required for this lab. After adding the library as shown in the slides, I started to get build errors. I\'92ve done quite a bit of googling and while I\'92m moderately sure the issue has something to do with minimum SDK versions, I haven\'92t been able to make any tweaks that didn\'92t seem to exacerbate the problem. I reached this point too late to email Bobby about it, so I\'92m turning in two versions of my app, one of which does not build at all. I know turning in code that doesn\'92t build generally doesn\'92t get you far but I figured it couldn\'92t hurt. I think my parts 1 and 2 work, but I frankly didn\'92t get around to testing them after I got stuck on RecyclerView.\
\
I started creating a dummy fragment in the duplicate (after deleting all references to RecyclerView) in the hopes that I could still demonstrate ViewPager, but I started having the same problem as soon as I added the support library. Hopefully this portion will demonstrate some functionality of my parts 1 and 2.\
\
The purpose of this assignment was to practice using Listview, RecyclerView, ViewPager, Dialogs, and support libraries.}